---
date: 2009-05-22 09:19
description: A description of my post.
tags: uncategorized
id: 560
---
Here's a joke from a sailing list that I read:

<blockquote>Saturday morning I got up early, quietly dressed, made my lunch, grabbed the dog, and slipped quietly into the garage.

I hooked up the boat up to the truck, and proceeded to back out into a torrential downpour.

The wind was blowing 50 mph, so I pulled back into the garage, turned on the radio, and discovered that the weather would be bad all day.

I went back into the house, quietly undressed, and slipped back into bed.

I cuddled up to my wife's back, now with a different anticipation, and whispered, 'The weather out there is terrible.'

My loving wife of 10 years replied, 'Can you believe my stupid husband is out sailing in that?'</blockquote>
<!--more-->
I think that's the kind of weather we're in for this weekend.  Which is too bad.  Our friends Lisa and Josh are in town, and we had planned to goof off in New Orleans during the weekend.  We'll still do that, I'm sure, but it's a walking city, so frequent downpours aren't cool.

They showed up at our house Wednesday evening, bearing a box of the biggest lobsters that I've seen.  The biggest one had claws the size of a salad plate.  We cooked them in some crab boil, and then scooped out portions of meat the size of small steaks.  Holy crap, it was one of the best meals I've ever had.

A couple hours after we had eaten, Vanya showed up crying, "Crabs got me."  He had played with the live lobsters, and that lead to his first (as far as I know) nightmare.

Yesterday, we took my in-laws boat and took them con a tour of Acadiana wetlands.  We kayaked a little, cast for some fish (catching nothing), and drank some beer.  In all, a very good way to spend a day.
